use command mqtt conf (#448)
telefonicaid/iotagent-ul: docs/usermanual.md

-   Commands can be also retrieved without needed of sending a mesaure. In other words, the device is not forced to send
    a measure in order to get the accumulated commands.

> -   MQTT devices can configured (at provisioning and updating time) each command with different values of MQTT QoS and
>     MQTT retain values, whih will be used only by a command. More over, in the same MQTT device different commands can
>     be configured to use different MQTT options related with QoS level and Retain message policy. I.E:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   MQTT devices can configure (at provisioning and updating time) each command with different values of MQTT QoS and
    MQTT retain values, which will be used only by a command. Moreover, in the same MQTT device different commands can
    be configured to use different MQTT options related with QoS level and Retain message policy. I.E:
```
